Update set-up-bigquery-oauth.md (#7315)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-bigquery-oauth.md

## Set up BigQuery Workload Identity Federation <Lifecycle status='beta,managed'/> 

Workload Identity Federation (WIF) allows application workloads, running externally to dbt Cloud, to act as a service account without the need to manage service accounts or other keys for deployment environments. The following instructions will enable you to authenticate your BigQuery connection in dbt Cloud using WIF. 

> At this time, we only support Entra as the Identity Provider. If you need additional IdP support, please contact your account team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Microsoft Entra ID is the only supported identity provider (IdP). If you need additional IdP support, please contact your account team.
```
Can we use "Microsoft Entra ID" instead of "Entra"? This seems to be the complete product name.
